oh I should go to Jellyfish Fields today
cuz it's my second favorite thing to do
that's down the road to Jellyfish Fields
jacket spongebob meets an unexpected
guest jellyfishing jellyfishing I'm
doing the worm cuz I that chair and
fishing are you insolent fool you dare
not touch me for I am plankton and one
day I shall rule over you sure wanna
hear my plan cuz it kind of took a long
time to make okay well you see I made
this spongebob robot and i just love
boasting and i plan on asking miss ow
hey don't poke me i plan on asking mr.
Krabs the secret formula wait why did I
just tell you that okay thank you
oh go tell mr. Crabb you must die oh you
better not get back up haha I'm just
fine what is wrong with you you better
not hurt at all you really think this
hurt you think it hurt me my leg I'm all
out of bullets what do i do I think I'm
gonna survive yeah that rock really
worked but now i'm out of weapons I'm
gonna god I pray for a miracle
ok
hey mr. Krabs um I have a question for
you yes spongebob me boy what is it um I
kind of forgot the krabby patty formula
you think you could tell me what it is
sure me boy the krabby patty formula